---
ID: 749
post_title: Privacy Policy
author: Interactive Health Technologies
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: https://ihtusa.com/privacy-policy/
published: true
post_date: 2015-07-09 21:45:54
---
<div id="pl-749"  class="panel-layout" ><div id="pg-749-0"  class="panel-grid panel-no-style" ><div id="pgc-749-0-0"  class="panel-grid-cell panel-grid-cell-empty"  data-weight="1" ></div></div><div id="pg-749-1"  class="panel-grid panel-no-style" ><div id="pgc-749-1-0"  class="panel-grid-cell"  data-weight="1" ><div id="panel-749-1-0-0" class="so-panel widget widget_black-studio-tinymce widget_black_studio_tinymce panel-first-child panel-last-child" data-index="0" data-style="{&quot;background_image_attachment&quot;:false,&quot;background_display&quot;:&quot;tile&quot;,&quot;featured_widgets&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;bigger_title&quot;:true}" ><div class="widget-title--big panel-widget-style panel-widget-style-for-749-1-0-0" ><h3 class="widget-title"><span class="widget-title__inline">PRIVACY POLICY</span></h3><div class="textwidget"><div class="page" title="Page 1"><div class="layoutArea"><div class="column"><p>Privacy of customer information is important to Interactive Health Technologies LLC (IHT.) This Privacy Policy summarizes how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store customer information.</p></div></div></div><h3>Collection and Use of Personal Information</h3><div class="page" title="Page 1"><div class="layoutArea"><div class="column"><p>Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.</p><p>IHT customers, prospective customers, and partners provide personal information in conjunction with the use of IHT products and services. IHT does not share personally identifiable information with anyone other than authorized representatives of the customer providing the information except as provided below.</p></div></div></div><h3>What personal information we collect</h3><ul><li>For IHT customers we collect a variety of information, including customer name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and other customer information.</li><li>IHT customers provide IHT with personally identifiable data about participants of the using IHT products and services, including the participant’s name, email addresses, various assessment measurements defined by the customer, and other information.</li></ul><h3>How we use customer personal information</h3><ul><li>The personal information we collect allows our employees, contractors, and representatives to support IHT customers using IHT products and services.</li><li>Customers are provided with access to the identifiable data about participants using IHT products and services as part of the IHT services. Customers only have access to personally identifiable information the IHT customer or their participants provide to us.</li><li>We also use personal information provided by IHT customer employees and representatives to help us develop, deliver, and improve our products, services, content, and advertising. We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve IHT’s products, services, customer communications, and marketing. These uses of personal information pertain only to the IHT customer and customer employees and representatives and do not apply to student participants enrolled in K-12 educational programs.</li></ul><div class="page" title="Page 2"><div class="layoutArea"><div class="column"><h3>Our Commitment To Safeguard Privacy for K-12 Students</h3></div></div><div class="layoutArea"><div class="column"><ul><li><p>We do not collect, maintain, use or share student personal information beyond that needed for authorized educational/school purposes, or as authorized by the parent/student.</p></li><li><p>We do not sell student personal information.</p></li><li><p>We do not use or disclose student information for behavioral targeting of advertisements to students.</p></li><li><p>We do not build a personal profile of a student other than for supporting authorized educational/school purposes or as authorized by the parent/student.</p></li><li><p>We will not make material changes to our privacy policies without first providing prominent notice to the IHT customers and allowing them choices before data is used in any manner inconsistent with terms they were initially provided; and not make material changes to other policies or practices governing the use of student personal information that are inconsistent with contractual requirements.</p></li><li><p>We will not knowingly retain student personal information beyond the time period required to support the authorized educational/school purposes, or as authorized by the parent/student.</p></li><li><p>We collect, use, share, and retain student personal information only for purposes for which we were authorized by the educational institution/agency, teacher or the parent/student.</p></li><li><p>We maintain a comprehensive security program that is reasonably designed to protect the security, privacy, confidentiality, and integrity of student personal information against risks – such as unauthorized access or use, or unintended or inappropriate disclosure – through the use of administrative, technological, and physical safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.</p></li><li><p>We require that our vendors with whom student personal information is shared in order to deliver the educational service are obligated to implement these same commitments for the given student personal information.</p></li><li><p>We will allow a successor entity to maintain the student personal information, in the case of our merger or acquisition by another entity, provided the successor entity is subject to these same commitments for the previously collected student personal information.</p></li><li>The data we collect is stored on secure servers located in the United States.</li></ul></div></div></div><h3>Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information</h3><p>We also collect non-personal information − data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information within our products or service, to improve educational products, for our marketing efforts and to demonstrate the effectiveness of our products or services. Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy. If we do combine non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.</p><h3>Disclosure to Third Parties</h3><p>At times IHT may make certain personal information available to strategic partners that work with IHT to provide products and services, or that help IHT market to customers. For example, if you purchase an IHT product or service from an IHT reseller, you authorize IHT and its reseller to exchange the information you provide during the process of configuring and deploying the product or service. Personal information will only be shared by IHT to provide or improve our products, services and advertising; it will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes.</p><h3>Service Providers</h3><p>IHT shares personal information with companies who provide services such as information processing, extending credit, fulfilling customer orders, delivering products to you, managing and enhancing customer data, providing customer service, assessing customer interest in our products and services, and conducting customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are obligated to protect customer information under this privacy policy.</p><h3>Others</h3><p>It may be necessary − by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities for IHT to disclose customer personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or protect our operations or users. Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale we may transfer any and all personal information we collect to the relevant third party.</p><h3>Protection of Personal Information</h3><p>IHT takes precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard customer personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Personal information is stored behind a managed firewall in a hosted data center with on-site backups and daily updates and patches.</p><div class="page" title="Page 3"><div class="layoutArea"><div class="column"><p>IHT online services such as the ihtusa.com and ihtspirit.com use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is collected. Doing so protects the confidentiality of customer personal information while it’s transmitted over the Internet.</p></div></div></div><h3>Integrity and Retention of Personal Information</h3><p>IHT makes it easy for you to keep customer personal information accurate, complete, and up to date. We will retain customer personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.</p><div class="page" title="Page 3"><div class="layoutArea"><div class="column"><p>Personally identifiable data provided by IHT customer about participants using IHT products and services remains the property of the customer. Should the customer notify IHT that the customer wishes to permanently discontinue us of IHT data services, the personally identifiable data provided by the customer about participants using the IHT products and services will be returned to customer in the form of a SQL database.</p></div></div></div><h3>Third-Party Sites and Services</h3><p>IHT websites, products, applications, and services may contain links to third-party websites, products, and services. Information collected by third parties, which may include such things as location data or contact details, is governed by their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties.</p><h3>Our Companywide Commitment to Customer Privacy</h3><p>To make sure customer personal information is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to IHT employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.</p><h3>Privacy Questions</h3><p>If you have any questions or concerns about IHT’s Privacy Policy or data processing, please email spirit@ihtusa.com.</p><div class="page" title="Page 4"><div class="layoutArea"><div class="column"><p>IHT may update its Privacy Policy from time to time.  When we change the policy in a material way, customers will be notified by email and have the opportunity to consent to the new policy.</p><p>Interactive Health Technologies LLC, 1101 W 34th St #213, Austin, TX 78705-1907</p></div></div></div><p style="margin-bottom: 2em;"><strong>Updated June 30, 2016</strong></p><div class="page" title="Page 3"><div class="layoutArea"><div class="column"><p>The Future of Privacy Forum (FPF) and The Software &amp; Information Industry Association (SIIA) introduced a Student Privacy Pledge to safeguard student privacy regarding the collection, maintenance, and use of student personal information. The commitments are intended to concisely detail existing federal law and regulatory guidance regarding the collection and handling of student data, and to encourage service providers to more clearly articulate these practices. IHT is proud to be a signatory to the Student Privacy Pledge. More information about the Student Privacy Pledge at <a href="https://studentprivacypledge.org/">https://studentprivacypledge.org/</a>.</p></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div><div id="pg-749-2"  class="panel-grid panel-no-style" ><div id="pgc-749-2-0"  class="panel-grid-cell"  data-weight="1" ><div id="panel-749-2-0-0" class="so-panel widget widget_sow-image panel-first-child" data-index="1" data-style="{&quot;background_display&quot;:&quot;tile&quot;,&quot;featured_widgets&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;bigger_title&quot;:&quot;&quot;}" >[siteorigin_widget class="SiteOrigin_Widget_Image_Widget"]<input type="hidden" value="{&quot;instance&quot;:{&quot;image&quot;:2127,&quot;image_fallback&quot;:&quot;http:\/\/studentprivacypledge.org&quot;,&quot;size&quot;:&quot;medium&quot;,&quot;align&quot;:&quot;center&quot;,&quot;title&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;title_position&quot;:&quot;hidden&quot;,&quot;alt&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;url&quot;:&quot;http:\/\/studentprivacypledge.org&quot;,&quot;new_window&quot;:true,&quot;bound&quot;:true,&quot;_sow_form_id&quot;:&quot;577fe7587cb95&quot;,&quot;full_width&quot;:false},&quot;args&quot;:{&quot;before_widget&quot;:&quot;&lt;div id=\&quot;panel-749-2-0-0\&quot; class=\&quot;so-panel widget widget_sow-image panel-first-child\&quot; data-index=\&quot;1\&quot; data-style=\&quot;{&amp;quot;background_display&amp;quot;:&amp;quot;tile&amp;quot;,&amp;quot;featured_widgets&amp;quot;:&amp;quot;&amp;quot;,&amp;quot;bigger_title&amp;quot;:&amp;quot;&amp;quot;}\&quot; &gt;&quot;,&quot;after_widget&quot;:&quot;&lt;\/div&gt;&quot;,&quot;before_title&quot;:&quot;&lt;h3 class=\&quot;widget-title\&quot;&gt;&lt;span class=\&quot;widget-title__inline\&quot;&gt;&quot;,&quot;after_title&quot;:&quot;&lt;\/span&gt;&lt;\/h3&gt;&quot;,&quot;widget_id&quot;:&quot;widget-2-0-0&quot;}}" />[/siteorigin_widget]</div><div id="panel-749-2-0-1" class="so-panel widget widget_pw_call_to_action widget-call-to-action panel-last-child" data-index="2" data-style="{&quot;background_display&quot;:&quot;tile&quot;,&quot;featured_widgets&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;bigger_title&quot;:&quot;&quot;}" >[siteorigin_widget class="PW_Call_To_Action"]<input type="hidden" value="{&quot;instance&quot;:{&quot;text&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;button_text&quot;:&quot;&lt;a href=\&quot;#TOP\&quot;&gt;BACK TO TOP&lt;\/a&gt;&quot;},&quot;args&quot;:{&quot;before_widget&quot;:&quot;&lt;div id=\&quot;panel-749-2-0-1\&quot; class=\&quot;so-panel widget widget_pw_call_to_action widget-call-to-action panel-last-child\&quot; data-index=\&quot;2\&quot; data-style=\&quot;{&amp;quot;background_display&amp;quot;:&amp;quot;tile&amp;quot;,&amp;quot;featured_widgets&amp;quot;:&amp;quot;&amp;quot;,&amp;quot;bigger_title&amp;quot;:&amp;quot;&amp;quot;}\&quot; &gt;&quot;,&quot;after_widget&quot;:&quot;&lt;\/div&gt;&quot;,&quot;before_title&quot;:&quot;&lt;h3 class=\&quot;widget-title\&quot;&gt;&lt;span class=\&quot;widget-title__inline\&quot;&gt;&quot;,&quot;after_title&quot;:&quot;&lt;\/span&gt;&lt;\/h3&gt;&quot;,&quot;widget_id&quot;:&quot;widget-2-0-1&quot;}}" />[/siteorigin_widget]</div></div></div></div>

<style type="text/css" class="panels-style" data-panels-style-for-post="749">@import url(https://ihtusa.com/wp-content/plugins/siteorigin-panels/css/front-flex.css); #pgc-749-0-0 , #pgc-749-1-0 , #pgc-749-2-0 { width:100%;width:calc(100% - ( 0 * 30px ) ) } #pg-749-0 , #pg-749-1 , #pl-749 .so-panel { margin-bottom:30px } #pl-749 .so-panel:last-child { margin-bottom:0px } @media (max-width:780px){ #pg-749-0.panel-no-style, #pg-749-0.panel-has-style > .panel-row-style , #pg-749-1.panel-no-style, #pg-749-1.panel-has-style > .panel-row-style , #pg-749-2.panel-no-style, #pg-749-2.panel-has-style > .panel-row-style { -webkit-flex-direction:column;-ms-flex-direction:column;flex-direction:column } #pg-749-0 .panel-grid-cell , #pg-749-1 .panel-grid-cell , #pg-749-2 .panel-grid-cell { margin-right:0 } #pg-749-0 .panel-grid-cell , #pg-749-1 .panel-grid-cell , #pg-749-2 .panel-grid-cell { width:100% } #pl-749 .panel-grid-cell { padding:0 } #pl-749 .panel-grid .panel-grid-cell-empty { display:none } #pl-749 .panel-grid .panel-grid-cell-mobile-last { margin-bottom:0px }  } </style>